DISCLAIMER: THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT READY TO BE PUBLISHED YET.

MoneyPLS User Agreement and Acceptable Use Policy
//Present as scroll box, link to another page? 

USER AGREEMENT
By accepting this Consent as indicated below, you, the person or entity using the MoneyPLS application, give consent to MoneyPLS to request and/or accept a payment on your behalf, of an amount which you define, to Venmo.
Furthermore, as a user of Venmo, you consent to abide by the Disclosures outlined by Venmo. These disclosures include but are not limited to the Privacy Policy, User Agreement, Disclosures, Anti-Money Laundering Statement, and Consent to Recieve Electronic Disclosures policies. These policies can be found https://venmo.com/legal/us-user-agreement/.
If you do not consent or if you withdraw your consent, we reserve the right to refuse processing your donation. 

ELIGIBILITY
You must be 18 years or older to use MoneyPLS. You may use any valid Venmo account of which you are the account holder to make a payment but you must be use a personal account to create an event

THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
If you create an event, we collect the following information from you:
If you make a payment, we collect the following information from you:
        
COOKIES

INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from any individuals under the age of 13.

]HOW WE PROTECT AND STORE PERSONAL INFORMATION
MoneyPLS does not send your personal information to third-party social networks.</p>
        
HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may share your personal information with:
Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties when we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedure, when we need to do so to comply with law we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of our User Agreement, or as otherwise required by law.

LINKS TO OTHER SITES
MoneyPLS links to Venmo to authorize all accounts for payments. The Website may contain other links to other sites. MoneyPLS does not control the information collection of sites that can be reached through links from the events hosted on the website. We encourage our users to be aware when they are leaving our site and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information.

ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
All users of MoneyPLS must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) as well as Venmo's AUP. You may read Venmo's AUP at https://venmo.com/legal/us-user-agreement/ (can we havve it link directly to section 12 acceptable use???) This AUP is intended to prevent inappropriate use of the service provided by Venmo. MoneyPls does not actively monitor hosted event pages under normal circumstances. However, MoneyPLS reserves the right to remove any event and block any users that, in MoneyPLS's sole discretion, violate this AUP.

TERMINATION
You agree that MoneyPLS may terminate this Agreement and close your event page without notice and for any reason including but not limited to violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You further agree that in the event of termination for any reason, MoneyPLS will have no liability to you.

MODIFICATION
MoneyPLS may, at its sole discretion, modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time. Such modifications shall be binding and effective upon posting. You agree to periodically review terms to be aware of any modifications. By continuing to use MoneyPLS after updates to this Agreement, you accept and agree to any and all such modifications.

DISPUTES
If a dispute arises between you and Company, our goal is to learn about and address your concerns and, if we are unable to do so to your satisfaction, to provide you with a neutral and cost effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. Disputes between you and Company regarding our services may be reported by emailing us at create@email.com. INDEMNIFICATION? ARBITRITION?

LIABILITY
MoneyPLS is not liable for any security or privacy violation by Venmo and you agree to hold MoneyPLS harmless and indemnify MoneyPLS from any liability arising from Venmo’s service.

SURVIVAL
In the event of termination of this Agreement or the Services, the terms in this Agreement that by their nature are continuing shall survive such termination, including but not limited to the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities.

OPEN SOURCE STATEMENT
Full disclosure, etc.

HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Agreement, or any feedback that you would like us to consider, please email us at create@email.com

